# Debt Collector
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/ki2hPO2q8PU
#### Description:
My app, Debt Collector, is an app that is designed to keep track of what is owed to people. It is a React app using different components. The main component is the App.js component. It imports the Heading, Lefty, and Righty components. Heading, Lefty, and Righty were done to practice CSS styling. Using text-align and margin properties to line up the heading. Lefty is similar to Heading but fills out the screen. And since components align left by default, I only had to adjust width. Righty, however, had to be styled to float right. Other than that it is similar to Lefty. Once importing Heading, Lefty, and Righty I had to be sure to render the components in the right order to get the desired effect.

In App.js is a class component that uses a constructor function to fill an empty array with user created data. The "debtors" property is the empty array that gets loaded with data. The "debtor" property is a string value, the "owed" property is a number value, and the completed property is a boolean value. The methods updateDebtor, updateOwed, and updateCompleted are for rendering the values of the "debtors" array using setState. The addDebtors method is to give the "Add Debtor" button functionality. When a debtor is created, an option to delete the debtor renders along with it. The removeDebtor method creates the functionality for the "Delete" button. 

The strikeThrough method was a stretch goal that I experimented with. The goal was to create a checkbox that would use CSS to toggle a line-through text-decoration for the debtors. I could not quite figure it out. My goal was to practice and expand skills, but I’m not quite there yet.
